gand-jalan.md, before:

## ** let's see how this goes**

## Ankit's slog 11/9/20

### CP

<!-- `Heaps`: Min Heap Construction
<br/> -->

<!-- `Sort`: Heap Sort
<br/> -->
<!-- `Search`: Search in sorted Matrix
<br/> -->
<!-- `Tries` : Suffix Trie Construction
<br/> -->
<!-- `Hash Tables`: Suffix Trie Construction
<br/> -->
<!-- `YouTube`: started watching HackerRank's DS playlist. Looks pretty neat
<br/> -->

<!-- `Trees` : Same BST, Max Path Sum in BT
<br/> -->

<!-- `Arrays`: Sub-Array sort
<br/> -->

<!-- `Dynamic programming` : Min number of jumps, Water area
<br/> -->

`Linked Lists` :Find Loops
<br/>

<!-- `Famous Algorithms` : Topological sort
<br/> -->

<!-- `Recursion`: Lowest common manager
<br/> -->
<!-- `Graphs` : Youngest common ancestor
<br/> -->
<!-- `Strings` : Balanced Brackets -->

<!--### Entire week's problems revised, github repo updated-->

### Thoughts

Check this video out to setup competitive programming environment in VSCode. **Fast, Cool and Convenient**

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBSsEUrxtQ4&t=498s

### Rhea - ~ to 3/9/20

`work with binary trees & BSTs.` finished easy & medium problems on AE on trees
`algos learnt implementation of: BFS, DFS,` star problems: invert binary tree(doubt),

Commit message:

Publication : 22/9/20 - Ankit back to CP

gand-jalan.md, after:

## ** let's see how this goes**

## Ankit's slog 22/9/20

### CP

<!-- `Heaps`: Min Heap Construction
<br/> -->

<!-- `Sort`: Heap Sort
<br/> -->
<!-- `Search`: Search in sorted Matrix
<br/> -->
<!-- `Tries` : Suffix Trie Construction
<br/> -->
<!-- `Hash Tables`: Suffix Trie Construction
<br/> -->
<!-- `YouTube`: started watching HackerRank's DS playlist. Looks pretty neat
<br/> -->

<!-- `Trees` : Same BST, Max Path Sum in BT
<br/> -->

<!-- `Arrays`: Sub-Array sort
<br/> -->

<!-- `Dynamic programming` : Min number of jumps, Water area
<br/> -->
<!--
`Linked Lists` :Find Loops
<br/> -->

<!-- `Famous Algorithms` : Topological sort
<br/> -->

<!-- `Recursion`: Lowest common manager
<br/> -->
<!-- `Graphs` : Youngest common ancestor
<br/> -->
<!-- `Strings` : Balanced Brackets -->

<!--### Entire week's problems revised, github repo updated-->

### Thoughts

Bohot hua systems designing. I'm switching back to cp as of today in Python and 3 ae problems per day. Once I finish backend, probably this week, I'll go all out with cp

### Rhea - ~ to 3/9/20

`work with binary trees & BSTs.` finished easy & medium problems on AE on trees
`algos learnt implementation of: BFS, DFS,` star problems: invert binary tree(doubt),
